README.md, before:

# Wi-Fi Provisioning Over NFC
This experimental sample demonstrates how you can provision the [nRF7002 DK](https://www.nordicsemi.com/Products/Development-hardware/nRF7002-DK) or the ([nRF5340 DK](https://www.nordicsemi.com/Products/Development-hardware/nrf5340-dk) + [nRF7002 EK](https://www.nordicsemi.com/Products/Development-hardware/nRF7002-EK) ) to a Wi-Fi Network using NFC.
The sample uses the PSA Protected Storage service available in the TF-M implementation to store the credentials. 

### How to use:

1.	Connect the NFC antenna to your development kit. 
2.	Build/flash the demo application to your development kit.
Supported build targets are :

•	nrf7002dk_nrf5340_cpuapp_ns 

•	nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp_ns -DSHIELD=nrf7002ek 

4.	Download NFC Tools, available on [Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wakdev.wdnfc&hl=en&gl=US) and [iOS](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/nfc-tools/id1252962749), on your smartphone or tablet.
5.	Make sure that NFC is turned ON on your smart device.
6.	Press on the Write tab -> Add a record -> Select Wi-Fi network.
7.	Type your SSID and password for the network to which you want to connect your development kit. Note that for Authentication, only WPA2-Personal is currently supported in the sample.
8.	Press on Write and tap the NFC Antenna on your development kit.
9.	LED1 will turn on, indicating your board is provisioned to the network. 

### Limitations:

*Only WPA2-Personal support is implemented.

Commit message:

Added UDP client test and apply stored credentials

README.md, after:

# Wi-Fi Provisioning Over NFC
This experimental sample demonstrates how you can provision the [nRF7002 DK](https://www.nordicsemi.com/Products/Development-hardware/nRF7002-DK) or the ([nRF5340 DK](https://www.nordicsemi.com/Products/Development-hardware/nrf5340-dk) + [nRF7002 EK](https://www.nordicsemi.com/Products/Development-hardware/nRF7002-EK) ) to a Wi-Fi Network using NFC.
The sample uses the PSA Protected Storage service available in the TF-M implementation to store the credentials. 

### How to use:

1.	Connect the NFC antenna to your development kit. 
2.	Build/flash the demo application to your development kit.
Supported build targets are :

•	nrf7002dk_nrf5340_cpuapp_ns 

•	nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp_ns -DSHIELD=nrf7002ek 

4.	Download NFC Tools, available on [Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wakdev.wdnfc&hl=en&gl=US) and [iOS](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/nfc-tools/id1252962749), on your smartphone or tablet.
5.	Make sure that NFC is turned ON on your smart device.
6.	Press on the Write tab -> Add a record -> Select Wi-Fi network.
7.	Type your SSID and password for the network to which you want to connect your development kit. Note that for Authentication, only WPA2-Personal is currently supported in the sample.
8.	Press on Write and tap the NFC Antenna on your development kit.
9.	LED1 will turn on, indicating your board is provisioned to the network.
10. A UDP Client will start when a Wi-Fi connection is established. 
11. Press button 1 on the board.
12. A message is sent to a UDP echo server each time you press the button. The UDP echo server replies back with the current time at the server and appends the original message received.
```[00:02:28.396,942] <inf> udp_connection: Successfully connected to server
[00:02:28.396,942] <inf> udp_connection: Press button 1 on your DK to send your message
[00:02:31.407,470] <inf> udp_connection: Successfully sent message: Hello from nRF70 Series
[00:02:31.590,454] <inf> udp_connection: Data received from the server: (Time: 2024-05-13 07:58:12 Message: Hello from nRF70 Series)```

### Limitations:

*Only WPA2-Personal support is implemented.
